So, now that you've finished
downloading the Android image.
Why don't we go ahead and
jump back to Randy's screen, and
show you how to create the path variable,
so that you can easily reference it when
you're downloading, or
when you're flashing the micro-SD card.
>> All right.
So, the first thing you wanna do is to
unzip the file you just downloaded.
This will just take a second.
>> And while that's extracting,
go ahead and
open up your terminal as you
can see here in Randy's screen.
>> Okay, so
now we're gonna make the pathway able.
So what you want to do is type in export,
we can make a path file name.
Say could be something like AndroidImage.
>> Very appropriate.
>> And then you want to put equals.
And since I downloaded the, or unzipped
the SD card image onto my desktop,
I'm gonna go ahead and
type in desktop/dragonboard.
And that's the file, sorry, the folder.
And then you want to load up
the image file, which is right here.
Afterwards, you wanna hit Enter and
now we have our path variable set.
>> Now if you wanna check to see if
you've appropriately set the image,
you wanna go ahead and
type the following command, echo and
then $, and then the variable names.
So for us, it will be AndroidImage.
And as you can see,
it's properly referencing the Android
image that we just downloaded.
So, now that we've had the Android
image installed, in the next section,
we'll show you how to flash
the image on to the MicroSD card.